# CS-230-Operating_Platforms

The project’s client, _The Gaming Room_, is a gaming company that sought to develop a web-based version of their game Draw It or Lose It, which is currently only available on Android. _The Gaming Room_ wanted the developed application to be on multiple operating systems (_Windows, Mac, Linux_) which should allow multiple teams consisting of several players to go through four separate minute-long rounds. The provided documentation is meant to provide a detailed understanding of the client’s requirements while also determining which operating platform would best service the client’s needs. While I believe the provided documentation accomplishes these tasks, I am particularly glad about the _Requirements and Design Constraints_ section of the documentation. This section stated the project’s design constraints quickly and efficiently which helped serve as the basis for the rest of the documentation. The section concluded by explaining how these design constraints interpret and fulfill the client’s requirements. This interpretation proved fundamental in determining which operating platform to recommend. After all, now that I understood what the client wanted, I was able to find an operating platform that satisfied their requirements. While the _Requirements and Design Constraints_ section of the documentation turned out particularly well, one section of the documentation found less success. More specifically, the _System Architecture View_ section was not required for this course and, by extension, remains incomplete. In future revisions of this documentation, this section should be completed to provide a complete well-rounded documentation for the client. Although this section remains incomplete, my experience with this project should prove beneficial in the future when designing similar applications. Most notably, this project gave me an understanding of each of the known operating platforms (the _Evaluation_ section). Another benefit of this project was how it taught me to translate a client’s needs into understandable design constraints. Furthermore, the project helped me understand the importance of a client’s needs and how these requirements shape the overarching project. In conclusion, the provided documentation satisfies the requirements of our client, _The Gaming Room_, while also providing me with the experience necessary for completing future projects.
